c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Sonnets.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Sonnets.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Sonnets_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\Sonnets.g.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\Sonnets.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\Sonnets.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\Sonnets.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\Sonnets.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sonnets\Sonnets\Bin\Debug\Contents\sonnets.xml
