c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\UnitsConverter.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\UnitsConverter.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\UnitsConverter_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\UnitsConverter.g.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\UnitsConverter.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\UnitsConverter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\UnitsConverter.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\UnitsConverter.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\Bin\Debug\Images\sync.png
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\UnitsConverter\UnitsConverter\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
